Add Figma truncation/wrapping guidance to site (#1674)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/table.mdx

  - Align it horizontally with the rest of its layout context. Typically, this is aligned to the start of the content as opposed to stretched.
  - Align any header above the table, including heading, search, filter, actions, in the same way. This keeps an actions menu or button in the context of the table and prevents them from being orphaned. However, don't force the header above the table to align its width to the table, as that might compress the contents of the header too much.

### Wrapping and truncating

> When text exceeds the amount of space available within a container, [wrapping](#wrapping) or [truncation](#truncation) can occur depending on your use case. Below are some best practices to keep in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When text exceeds the amount of space available within a table cell, [wrapping](#wrapping) or [truncation](#truncation) may be used depending on your use case. Below are some best practices to consider when implementing.
```

- Avoid truncating or wrapping text on the first column for readability
- Keep each cell short and concise, limiting the amount of characters within a cell when possible
- Minimize the number of columns by only showing those that are highly used

### Truncation

> **Truncation should not be used on headers, numeric values, or statuses.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Truncation should not be used on headings, numeric values, or statuses.**
```
